# overview

> The goal of this file is to set a full overview of the upcomming book I am writing and to figure out a way to publish it to public stores like amazon.

## Planing

1. Setting up the reader in a position where they understand what they are about to learn without depriving them of the information. It's a very confusing way that relys on presenting the whole without making the reader aware of the shared information. This misleading method is based on the redirection of their focus point to other topic while giving them the core topic. The missleading topic to be presented is the topic of learning how to deal with philosophical/theological/psychological problems.The main topic for them to learn is that existence is absolute and not arbitrair and that life is not the only main form of existence and most importantely it isn't existence.
2. The reader now know the importance of existence, life and identity, but doesn't know how to deal with these ideas with the mind. The thing that must be presented is the concept of awarness as a separated phenomena to the thought. This separation will show the user the extent of free-will they have and what they can do and what they can't. The importance of this take is that the user is not really aware of what they can achieve in their lives. Thus, the killing need of fulfillment is always there. Now the conclusion that the reader must draw is that the mind is what makes him afraid of death and thursty for fulfillment. 
3. This chapter as the previous two is progressively building upon the previous two to enable the reader of the navigation of complex philosophical matters. Thus it will focus on awarness, identity, life and existence to make the reader understand what makes an act morally just. This chapter as the previous one with present two topics in a missleading manner: the first one is history and learning how to navigate history and the second one is that morals can't derived from humans but reader from a divine scripture. The reader will be presented by different examples that are contradictory but shows that we can't just from our present moment judge the past. The process of the selection of examples must be explained as a story telling process that starts by present who, to who, where, when, and why?
4. This chapter's theme is decision. Amidst the cahos railing between the mind, awarness, and subjectivity the reader must understand that all comes to one's decision. The process of making a decision isn't something standarized even for the same person. We tend to be cahotic in our way of making decisions, and that's what makes a lot of philosophers and thinkers say that we are irrational. This chapter then will mislead the reader to think that it talks about making decision but instead it makes them aware of their irrationallity.
5. The world is a world of consequences. This must be throughoufully studied. Consequences aren't simply as karma presented a cycle of pain inflicted upon those who started the turn of the wheel, but instead can be seen as a simple feeling of guilt. Guilt is a feeling that the reader must be aware of when it occurs. And it is the normal responce to the stimilus of being morally unjust. The intersting thing though is that the distraction and the deviation and misleading of the mind is what makes the person able to cope with this feeling while justifying the bad things they did. This practice is what makes psychopaths. In cases of confusion between two possibly ill decision the person mustn't forget that they aren't promised to be good always, but they are promised to suffer the consequences of their act. Being honest and being dellusional is also a decision to make.
6. Diety and meaning with prejudice. The things that reader learned in their religious life are matters of question. The definition of a diety requires a description to what it is, how it acts, why it acts, what it wants, and what it requires. These question must be asked to help the reader see for themselves that they have prejuices learned in their life. This aims to make them aware of what they believe into and to see awarely for themselves what decision they will make about those believes.
7. Anxiety and doubt, decision, with precipice feeling of falling. This is a conclusion of the previous chapters that present the concept of anxiety as a fatality for mankind. No one can live without anxiety of existence, morals, and meaning. But what can be faced though is doubt, through decisions first and then belives. This is true because everyone are sitting on the precipice throughout their lives, they fell the rush to jump but they are there standing still. This analogy is presented to show the differnce between doubt and anxiety. The first one is the feeling that comes from the rush to jusmp while the second one is the feeling deeper inside that tells them to stay still as their life is possibly lost their. This example is their to present the concept of courrage to look into the abyss. The excitement, the fear, and the joy. It's that that makes man face exitence in all its forms, with acceptance.
8. Conclusion and Refernces: refernces aren't presented as a set of articles to read but as stories to listen to. the idea is that reader now can focus on what they learned, so that they can learn more. They can now question other philosophers and find their way to build their believes. They have the way to learn and all the knowledge is out their for them to appropriate. So that must be the most exciting journey ever.