# The disputed truth, existence

For many years, philosophers debated what come first is it identity or existence. I never dared to ask this question on myself, because while everyone seem to be able to understand it fully, none really does. To clarify my take on this matter let me ask you this question instead: What is existence? what does it mean to existN is life the only form of existence?

For me existence is not life, and it is far more bigger than life. Existence is timeless but life is limited by birth and death. So how can you preceed or follow something infinite? Existence is absolute, you will existe, you existe, you existed. How can you then question the fatal?

This is, dear reader, is what I want you to do. I want you to be relunctant before taking any side. I want you to make sure that you can answer the question or invalidate the question. Therefore, you need to use correct words and formulations to navigate the issue at hand.

In the context of the existence and identity problem, let's remember first that life is a limited span that, even if inherietenly doesn't need the consent of its subject to happen, is relative to the person. Understnading this is important because it let you distinguish between two types of identity that we can discuss: existential identity, and life identity.

In the modern times, we tend to identify people by one trait they have. This is reductive, yet widly acceptable: we use work jargon to say he is a doctor, she is a doctor, we use sex to say he is gay, she is straight, we use social status to say he is an influencer, she is a writer. These examples are a proof that we muddle the two previously presented identity. To understand this take for example, the story we tell about ancient Greec normal citizens, ancient Japan citizens, ancient Uruk citizens, or ancient Egypt citizens. For us, they simply existed, they have specific life activities, they have their believes, their moral code, and their cultur. It's interesting how our view change when we stripe the person of the flagrant status they take. The moment you say Aristote without the philosopher, he become a man like any other man, a man that existed and we must respect that.

Dear reader, what is the goal of this discussion about identity, existence and life? Try to answer this question before reading the following lines. Try to see for your self what you might get from this conception and form these words. Try to meditate and see your self in this discussion as the subject and the object of analysis.

The first question that theology, philosophy, and psychology contribute to answer is the question of identity, existence and life. Having the right tools to defend your oppinion on this matter is crucial. I can't stress enough the importance of this problematic since it's the first you will struggle with. Also, it implies many themes intrisic to it, like birth, fatality, believes, purpose, and morals. Think of it this way, if you know why you will exist, why you are alive, why you will die, you will know certainly you purpose, you have everything you need to take as believes, and you will know how to live the precious one life you have.

If you were able to distinguish between existence and life, you will know that your identity is way more complexe than you thought. That distinction enables you to see that purpose of existence is not the same as purpose of life. You tend to think probably that you have your own purpose, but that might only be true when it comes to purpose of life. It mustn't be supprising to think that we share the same purpose of existence. This collective nature of purpose is the reason why we can't really draw any differences between our ancestors: we simply say they were. However, the wide range of possibilities that we have in our life, makes it clear that you purpose in life is whatever you set your mind to. You might consider this a simple way of thinking but remember there was a time not too far an entier people thought that they have to right to masacre all other races. They set their minds to this and they did it. It's sad, but it's as simple as that. This is, dear reader, your power that you must be aware of as a human: you decide, you are fatally obliged to decide, no matter how narrow is the range of decision you have, it's you who decides. Nevertheless, don't make the mistake of confusing the purpose of existence and the purpose of life, and don't try to figure out the two at the same time, for this won't take you anywhere. Be aware, that your decision are what makes your morals. If you decided that a genocide is the right thing to do than a genocide is correct, but can you justify it though? Morals are derived from you believes, as well as you puposes. This is a very intricate topic that we will discuss later, but for the moment take some time and think without putting any guilt on yourself and without any justifications what are you morals?

In a nutshell, you started from discerning the fine line between existence and life, you questioned the purpose of the two, you understood that your believes are nothing more than those purposes, you recognized that you have an extent where you can navigate outside of fatality, you comprehended that what you do in that range is what makes you morals. Finally, what I need to add is that your identity is the sum of all of that. That's how complexe is the identity of a Human being, and that's why we can't say much about our ancestors; because we don't really understand what is an identity. However, I want you, dear reader, to be able to understand this points and more imprtantely I want you to know your position regarding all of them.
