# Between thought and awarness

Identity is what you draw from your conception existence, and life. It's a higher form of definition of the person. In this meta definition everything is possible and nothing is decided yet. The decision that you makes along the way is what defines who you are on a personal level. That's why in the previous chapter you and I, dear reader, discussed the concept of decisions for mankind. Nevertheless, we didn't break the concept in a practical way. Therebye, you have the right to ask how you make decisions and how you should make decisions?

First and formost, there's no should in the discussion of decisions. You don't have to weight yourself down by moral thoughts at this stage, because the questions about morals are yet to be answered. Indeed, the title of this chapter is where decisions are made: between thoughts and awarness. It's a must to start by the aforementioned meta-definition for you to stimuly awarness, that phenomena of knowing what without knowing how. You are aware of your existence, of your life, of your now, but you don't know how are you aware. You can drive a thought process from that state of awarness which you call rationality and then you can give it all the justifications you want. However, you can't always do this, can you? When you pass by your prefered fast food store, when you spend time with your secrect loved one, when you present your work to your boss, when you visit your parents, can you stay there and judge them and act based on rational thinking derived only from your pure awarness of the moment? That's the mind that defines your actions, reactions, and words. The mind that gives you all those ideas and that present you with all those feelings. The mind that you aren't always aware of but you know surely it exists and you even talk to it sometimes.

Now dear reader, it is the time for you to learn how to avail yourslef of these pieces of information in your next philosophical debate. The goal of this separation of awarness and thought is not to present two oposing elements. This is the trick that will help you move further regarding this issue: the goal is for you to see the specter where you make your decision, i.e. the extent of your fee will if you may. By understanding this you can go back to the first issue discussed about decisions. If you are not aware of your full identity then you don't know what you can achieve in your life, you can't validate your feelings, and you can't correct your ideology. If you aren't presented with the full scope of things you won't know how to face your killing need for fulfillement and your fear of death.

You exist, you are alive, you have an identity, then you make decisions. Don't rush the process of knowing yourself by questioning the destiny and why this happens to me, why I did this, I really should let go of that, I don't know what I want, I don't know what I feel. These are all wrong, all you need is to learn, the right way, step by step, and you will reach that place you desire, because you are already there, you only can't see it.
